[Music]
hi i'm divya sharma
also known as dr bol and welcome to
small budget
big flavors where i'll be showing you
how to combine great food and fine
dining
but in a cost effective way
[Music]
so do you fancy cooking a really special
meal for your other half
but don't want to splurge well i have
the recipe for you
how about a mushroom knocking with blue
cheese i think we should get cooking
so for the first step we need to make
our noki so in boiling water
put your nokia in and cook it as per
packet instructions
so we're just going to put it all in
and just let that cook so now the knock
is ready we just need to drain it
[Applause]
[Music]
so we've made the nokia drained it and
set it aside and now it's time to make
our sauce so
in this pan is a knob of butter and some
olive oil and on high heat we're going
to put our mushrooms in
and our onions
give that a good stir and cook it for
about one minute
[Music]
and then we need to lower the heat
and add the lid on top and cook it for
about five minutes
so now we just remove the lid and add
the garlic
and stir it for about a minute just be
careful that you don't burn the garlic
so the next step is to add in your dry
gnocchi
just get those tough bits out of the
bottom of the spoon
and then again give it a really good mix
because you want that coating of that
buttery
flavours all over each individual
gnocchi
now the best part is putting blobs of
blue cheese
all over that gnocchi and let it
slightly melt so you get that cheesy
oozy flavor all over it and if you don't
have any
blue cheese you could use a softer
cheese like goat's cheese
and then give it a good old shake
[Music]
so i've just sprinkled on some fresh
parsley to make it look extra special
and can you believe it only took 20
minutes to whip up
so you've got all the extra time to make
your dinner table look extra fancy
maybe with some candle lights and rose
petals or a nice tablecloth
can't wait to show my hubby this
[Music]
you